I'm not as mean as you think
Take revenge on Jiang Jiang in this way
Not your support
How could it suddenly freeze our assets?
Sure enough
From the beginning, no matter what I say
You Jiangjiang people will never believe
In a word
I will not cooperate with your Jiang family
Will not take revenge on the Jiang family
If you keep messing around here
Don't blame me for having you sent out
Don't give me the air of heir
Even if you didn't order the asset freeze
Then your 10 billion project
All Pingcheng enterprises are cooperating
Except for our Jiang family
This makes it clear that you don't want our Jiang family
Better than you don't want our Jiang family
Have a foothold in ordinary times
Hahaha
If your Jiang family is really a famous family
It's a big deal to leave Pingcheng
You make a comeback
But the connections of our Jiang family
All volunteers are in Pingcheng
Where do we go after we leave?
Are you going to exterminate the Jiang family?
I've never felt killed
You've always wanted to die